# Quiz Lab

### Total Revenue

What was the total revenue for the summer? 

**2138**

### Highest and Lowest Temperatures

What was the highest temperature recorded?

**84**
 
 
What was the lowest temperature recorded?

**70**

### Revenue Line Chart

Based on your chart showing revenue by date, revenue is:

**rising**

### Leaflets vs Sales Scatter-Plot Chart

Which of the following charts most closely resembles the scatter-plot chart you created for Leaflets vs Sales?

- Chart A
- Chart B
- **Chart C**
- Chart D

### Revenue Histogram

The histogram showing revenue divided into 10 bins reveals the distribution curve of the data to be:

- Normal
- **Right-Skewed correct**
- Left-Skewed

### Descriptive Statistics

What is the mean of the Temperature column (rounded to 2 decimal places)?

**78.87**
 
What is the standard deviation of the Leaflets column (rounded to 2 decimal places)

**19.82**

### Correlation

Which two of the following statements are true based on the correlations you have calculated?

- **There is a strong positive correlation between leaflet distributions and sales.**
- There is a moderate positive correlation between price and sales.
- **There is a moderate negative correlation between price and sales.**
- There is a moderate negative correlation between temperature and sales.
- There is a strong negative correlation between leaflet distributions and sales.

Note: Make sure you select all of the correct options—there are TWO!

### Comparing Flavor Sales

The difference in Lemon and Orange sales is:

**Statistically significant**

### Regression

Based on the function generated by regression, what is the predicted value for sales (to the nearest whole number) when the following feature values are used:

* Temperature: 80
* Leaflets: 110
* Price: 0.35
 
**203**
 
To the nearest whole number, what is the predicted value for Sales when the number of leaflets is increased to 120

**222**